Add changelog for 1.0.0 (#507)
jupyterhub/kubespawner: docs/source/changelog.md

<!-- PR link template: - [#](https://github.com/jupyterhub/kubespawner/pull/) ([@](https://github.com/)) -->

### [1.0]

### [1.0.0]

This release is the continuation of version 0.16.1 and could have been 0.17.0 in
practice. We opted to release 1.0.0 as it enables us to communicate changes
according to [SemVer](https://semver.org/). Using SemVer versioning, a change in
each of the three version numbers (major.minor.patch) represents a different
kind of change.

### Breaking changes

- When using KubeSpawner 1.0.0 or later together with JupyterHub 1.4.1 or later,

>   deleting a user or removing a named server will imply removal of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  deleting a user or removing a named server will remove the
```
unless I've misunderstood and you're trying to communicate some other behaviour?

Author: Ah :) I just pushed a change updating that language, what do you think of it now?

> - When using KubeSpawner 1.0.0 or later together with JupyterHub 1.4.1 or later,
  deleting a JupyterHub user or deleting (not just stopping) a named server will
  lead to removing the associated PVC resource. To opt out of this behavior set
  the `delete_pvc` configuration to `False`.

Reviewer: LGTM
